# Release notes for June 1 - June 14

## Table of contents
* [Calling](#calling)

## Calling

### JS

#### [v1.1.0-beta.2](https://github.com/Azure/Communication/blob/master/releasenotes/acs-javascript-calling-library-release-notes.md#v110-beta2-2021-06-10)

##### New Features:
- **Support for WebRTC Unified Plan SDP format.**

     Azure Communication Services Calling JavaScript SDK for browsers relies on WebRTC APIs that are being **deprecated**, specifically the Plan B Session Description Protocol (SDP) API. Google, Microsoft, Apple, and other browser vendors will be removing this functionality starting in August 2021.

- **To avoid compatibility risk and potential impact to end-users, we recommend developers leveraging browser calling to upgrade to the latest version of the Azure Communication Services Calling JavaScript SDK as soon as possible. Download the latest Calling JavaScript SDK at NPM or using the commands below.**

     Any version higher than - v1.1.0-beta.2 - supports new WebRTC standards and will be compatible throughout the Plan B deprecation. 
Prior versions of Azure Communication Services Calling JavaScript SDK will continue to be supported by the service; however they will be marked deprecated in NPM and other repositories given the limited browser compatibility of those libraires going forward.  

### Android

#### [v1.1.0-beta.1](https://github.com/Azure/Communication/blob/master/releasenotes/acs-calling-android-sdk-release-notes.md#v110-beta1-2021-06-03)

##### New Features:
- Ability to dispose of CallAgent and CallAgent using the new `dispose()` method to reduce the memory footprint of the app.
- `CallInfo` class has a new method called `getServerCallId()` to retrieve the immutable Id of a call that can be used for call recording.

##### Bug fixes
- Attempt to create multiple CallAgent using the same identity will throw a `CallingCommunicationException` with `CallingCommunicationErrors.NO_MULTIPLE_CONNECTIONS_WITH_SAME_IDENTITY` error code
- Turning the local video off/on quickly shows a blank local video [GH#225](https://github.com/Azure/Communication/issues/225)
- Support for API level 30 (Android 11.0)

### iOS

#### [v1.1.0-beta.1](https://github.com/Azure/Communication/releases/tag/v1.1.0-beta.1)

##### New features
- Support for CallKit (**Preview mode**)
- `CallAgent` and `CallClient` now has `dispose` API to explicitly delete the objects instead of relying on ARC.
- Get CorrelationId from `CallInfo` object in `Call` to get the id required for recording feature. 
- Support to start recording by an ACS endpoint.
 
##### Bug fixes
- [iOS] ACSRendererView layout is off after a device rotation https://github.com/Azure/Communication/issues/127.
- [iOS] Resizing issue for animating streams https://github.com/Azure/Communication/issues/262.
- Creating multiple `CallAgent` with same token will throw error.

