# Release notes for July 27th - August 9th

## Table of contents
* [Azure Portal](#azure-portal)
* [Azure Resource Manager](#azure-resource-manager)
* [Calling](#calling)
* [Chat](#chat)

## Azure Portal
- Direct Routing blade improvements - no functionality changes, UX updates and small visual bug fixes.
- Small accessibility bugs addressed.

## Azure Resource Manager
- Continued expansion to support Azure Hub Geographies availability.

## Calling

### Android
[V1.2.0-beta.2](https://github.com/Azure/Communication/blob/master/releasenotes/acs-calling-android-sdk-release-notes.md#v120-beta2-2021-08-03)

#### Bug fixes
- Fixed `java.lang.StackOverflowError` crash on [GH#346](https://github.com/Azure/Communication/issues/346).
- Improved memory footprint.

## Chat

### JS
[1.1.0-beta.1](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/communication/communication-chat/CHANGELOG.md#110-beta1-2021-08-10)

- With the dropping of support for Node.js versions that are no longer in LTS, the dependency on `@types/node` has been updated to version 12. Read our [support policy](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/SUPPORT.md) for more details.
- Updated our internal core package dependencies to their latest versions in order to add support for Opentelemetry 1.0.0 which is compatible with the latest versions of our other client libraries.
- Changed TS compilation target to ES2017 in order to produce smaller bundles and use more native platform features
- Added support to add `metadata` for `message`
- Added `senderDisplayName` in `sendTypingNotification` operation.
- Updated to @azure/communication-signaling@1.0.0-beta.5.
- Enabled real-time notification for React Native.

### Python
[1.1.0-beta.1](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/blob/main/sdk/communication/azure-communication-chat/CHANGELOG.md#110b1-2021-08-10)

- Added support to add `metadata` for `message`
- Added support to add `sender_display_name` for `ChatThreadClient.send_typing_notification`

### Java
[1.1.0-beta.1](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/communication/azure-communication-chat/CHANGELOG.md#110-beta1-2021-08-10)

- Added method `ChatThreadAsyncClient.listParticipants(ListParticipantsOptions listParticipantsOptions)`
- Added method `ChatThreadAsyncClient.listReadReceipts(ListReadReceiptOptions listReadReceiptOptions)`
- Added support for metadata in messages.
- Added options class `TypingNotificationOptions` for setting `SenderDisplayName` of the notification sender.

### Android
[1.1.0-beta.1](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-android/blob/main/sdk/communication/azure-communication-chat/CHANGELOG.md#110-beta1-2021-08-10)

- Added support for metadata in messages.
- Added options class `TypingNotificationOptions` for setting `SenderDisplayName` of the notification sender.
- Added `SenderDisplayName` to `TypingIndicatorReceivedEvent`.
