# Release notes for July 13 - July 26

## Table of contents
* [Azure Portal](#azure-portal)
* [Calling](#calling)
* [Chat](#chat)

## Azure Portal
- Small UI updates in the Direct Routing (preview) blade and configuration - no functionality changes.
- Ability to quickly create identities and tokens to use in samples and troubleshooting scenarios is now available through the portal.

## Calling

### Android 

[V1.2.0-beta.1](https://github.com/Azure/Communication/blob/master/releasenotes/acs-calling-android-sdk-release-notes.md#v120-beta1-2021-07-20)

#### New Features:

- Extended features for Call, known as Call Features. Recording and Transcription features added to allow call recording and transcription.
- The properties `isRecordingActive`, `isTranscriptionActive` and the events `addOnIsRecordingActiveChangedListener`, `addOnIsTranscriptionActiveChangedListener` from the Call class are marked as **DEPRECATED** and will be removed from future releases.

#### Bug Fixes:

- Silence suppression for Group Calls and Teams meeting interop scenarios is enabled.
- LocalVideoStream.switchSource(VideoDeviceInfo) will throw a `CallingCommunicationException` with `CallingCommunicationErrors.LOCAL_VIDEO_STREAM_SWITCH_SOURCE_FAILURE` error code.
- Memory leak Renderer View for LocalVideoStream.
- Joining a Teams call with an empty AudioOptions produces a crash. i.e using `setAudioOptions(new AudioOptions());` in `JoinCallOptions`.
- Fix for hangUp() while joining a Teams call and waiting in the lobby.
- Fix for receiving push notifications on multiple devices.

## Chat

### iOS

[V1.0.0](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-ios/blob/main/sdk/communication/AzureCommunicationChat/CHANGELOG.md#101-2021-07-23)

iOS SDK for Chat is now generally available. Check out the [quickstart](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/communication-services/quickstarts/chat/get-started?pivots=programming-language-swift) on how to use the SDK.   

#### Breaking Changes
- Update message parameters updated to `update(message: String, parameters: UpdateChatMessageRequest)`
- `EventHandler` renamed to `TrouterEventHandler`
- Removed `AddChatParticipantsRequest`, `UpdateChatThreadRequest`, `CommunicationIdentifierModel`
