# Release notes for April 4th - April 18th

## Table of contents
* [Chat](#chat)
* [Network Traversal](#network-traversal)
* [Virtual Visits](#virtual-visits)

## Chat

### Android
#### [1.1.0 (2022-04-11)](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-android/blob/main/sdk/communication/azure-communication-chat/CHANGELOG.md#110-2022-04-11)
- Added GA support for push notifications.

### iOS
#### [1.1.0 (2022-04-11)](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-ios/blob/main/sdk/communication/AzureCommunicationChat/CHANGELOG.md#110-2022-04-11)
- Released GA version of the SDK.
- Added meta data to chat messages.
- Added display name to typing indicator.

## Network Traversal

### Java
#### [1.1.0-beta.2 (2022-04-13)](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/communication/azure-communication-networktraversal/CHANGELOG.md#110-beta2-2022-04-13)
- Update of `azure-core` to 1.27.0
- Update of` azure-communication-common` to 1.1.2

### Bugs Fixed
- Set Ttl parameter in the Communication Relay Async client

## Virtual Visits
Virtual Visits is a web app you can host to provide your customers with a branded virtual consultation experience.

### [JS](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/communication-services-virtual-visits-js)
- Lobby, calling, and chat experiences for your clients. Browser-based and mobile-friendly, clients won't need to install any apps.
- Quick customization options for colors, themes, and features via a .json config file.
- Integration with Microsoft Teams. Let your staff host and join meetings using familiar Teams UI, while the clients join the same call via your custom branded web app.
- Integration with Microsoft Bookings. Configure Bookings to allow your clients to schedule appointments and receive join links to your own hosted app.
- Open source and customizable meeting UI controls. The app is built using ACS UI Library which has many options for customizing layouts, rendering, and behaviors.
