# Release notes for  February 8th - February 21st

## Table of contents
* [Calling](#calling)
* [Chat](#chat)

## Calling

### JS
#### [v1.4.2-beta.1 (2022-2-17)](https://github.com/Azure/Communication/blob/master/releasenotes/acs-javascript-calling-library-release-notes.md#v143-beta1-2022-2-18)

##### Bugfixes
- Fixed a race condition that in specific cases(<0.5%) causes a failure to join to a meeting or group call.
- Fixed a race condition that in specific cases would return zero devices on enumeration if that happens right after 'askDevicePermission' api call.

#### [v1.4.2-beta.1 (2022-2-17)](https://github.com/Azure/Communication/blob/master/releasenotes/acs-javascript-calling-library-release-notes.md#v142-beta1-2022-2-17)

##### Bugfixes
- Fixed issue which caused an invisible video tag to be added to the DOM on browsers other than Safari 15.1 on iOS - it was originally introduced as a workaround for iOS 15.1 regression (which we addressed with our 1.3.2). On Safari versions < 14 it could cause a call drop when joining to a group call, due to usage of browser APIs that are not supported by old Safari versions.
- Fixed call drop on Safari versions 14/15 which occurred sometimes (<5%) due to race condition inside the library when user rejoined multiple times.
- Workaround for an [issue](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/communication-services/concepts/known-issues#some-android-devices-failing-to-join-calls-and-meetings) with starting/joining/accepting calls or meetings on Samsung A devices - calls would not connect on these devices.
- Fixed wrong device permission state on Safari browsers, when application asks for permissions (deviceManager.askDevicePermission) for the second time with opposite permission for audio/video - wrong result was reported back despite user having granted originally permission.

## Chat

### JS
#### [v1.1.2 (2022-02-08)](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/communication/communication-chat/CHANGELOG.md#112-2022-02-08)

##### Breaking Changes
- Prohibit sending the typing notification request within 8 seconds of the previous request.

##### Features Added
- Updated to @azure/communication-signaling@1.0.0-beta.12.
- Added two new events realTimeNotificationConnected and realTimeNotificationDisconnected that allow the developer to know when the connection to the call server is active
