# Release notes for May 16th - May 30th

## Table of contents

* [Email](#email)
* [Calling](#calling)
* [UI Library](#ui-library)

## Email
Azure Communication Services new Email APIs to enable Application-to-Person (A2P) communication. 
To learn more please read [Email overview](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/communication-services/concepts/email/email-overview).

## Features Added
- Simple REST APIs and SDKs.
- High volume email sending support for A2P use cases such as appointment reminders, alerts, and notifications for multi-factor authentication or password resets.
- Custom domain support to enable emails to be sent from email domains verified by your domain providers.
- Easy provisioning of an Azure Managed Domain for sending emails with one click.
- Reliable delivery status on emails sent from your application in near real-time.
- Quickstarts and samples for easy onboarding.

### .NET
[1.0.0-beta.1](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/communication/Azure.Communication.Email/CHANGELOG.md)

### JavaScript
[1.0.0-beta.1]( https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/communication/communication-email/CHANGELOG.md)

## Calling

### JS
#### [v1.5.4-beta.1 (2022-5-17)](https://github.com/Azure/Communication/blob/master/releasenotes/acs-javascript-calling-library-release-notes.md#v154-beta1-2022-5-17)

##### Features
- Remote stream - introduced 'IsReceiving' property, which reflects if the remote stream is being received. For example: 
    * When the remote mobile participant is sending video and put the browser application in the background, OS will stop sending video stream data until the application is brought back to the foreground. Same behavior when mobile device locks/unlocks.
    * When the remote participant is sending video and have bad network connectivity, video is cutting off / lagging.
    * Application can subscribe to updates via 'isReceivingChanged' event, render a spinner over the video while the IsReceiving is false and remove the spinner while the isReceiving is true.
    * Documentation: [IsReceiving property docs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/communication-services/how-tos/calling-sdk/manage-video?pivots=platform-web#remote-video-stream-properties) and [Remote Video rendering docs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/communication-services/how-tos/calling-sdk/manage-video?pivots=platform-web#render-remote-participant-video-streams)
- Debug-Information feature, enables application to gather debuging information needed when a problem does reproduce. Those information will have the call and participant identifiers and the latest log lines.
```js
const debugInfo = callClient.feature(SDK.Features.DebugInfo).dumpDebugInfo();
```
- Get-Environment-Info exposed on the callClient provides environment details and enables the application running on an environment to know if it is supported by the Azure Communication Services or not. A supported environment is a combination of an operating system, a browser, and the minimum version required for that browser.
```js
const environmentInfo = await callClient.getEnvironmentInfo();
environmentInfo.isSupportedBrowser // browser is supported.
```
- **iOS** and **Android**, when there is an active Azure Communication Services call and there is an interruption, audio and video shall auto recover on most of the cases. On some edge cases, to unmute, an api to 'unmute' must be called by the application (can be as a result of user action) to recover the outgoing audio.

## UI Library

### Android

#### [1.0.0-beta.1 (2022-05-18)](https://github.com/Azure/communication-ui-library-android/blob/main/docs/CHANGELOG_UI_CALLING.md))
This is the initial release of **Azure Communication UI Calling Library** previously called only **Azure Communication UI Library**.

##### Features
- Theming, Theming on Android is handled via XML resource files. We expose the following resource IDs to the public scope
- Data Model Injection:
   - Local Data Options. This object can contain a UIimage that represents the avatar to render, and a display name they can optionally display instead.
   - Remote participant. This participant view data can contain a bitmap that represents the avatar to render, and a display name they can optionally display instead.

### iOS

#### [1.0.0-beta.1 (2022-05-18)](https://github.com/Azure/communication-ui-library-ios/blob/main/AzureCommunicationUI/sdk/AzureCommunicationUICalling/CHANGELOG.md#100-beta1-2022-05-18)
This is the initial release of **Azure Communication UI Calling Library** previously called only **Azure Communication UI Library**.

##### Features
- Theming, You can customize the theme by changing the primary color and its associated tints and the option of overriding the light and dark mode color scheme.
- Data Model Injection:
   - Local Data Options. This object can contain a UIimage that represents the avatar to render, and a display name they can optionally display instead.
   - Remote participant. This participant view data can contain a bitmap that represents the avatar to render, and a display name they can optionally display instead.

