# Release notes for November 2nd to November 28th

## Table of contents

* [Calling](#calling)
* [Call Automation](#call-automation)
* [Chat](#chat)
* [Common](#common)

## Calling

### JS
#### [1.9.1-beta.1 (2022-11-10))](https://github.com/Azure/Communication/blob/master/releasenotes/acs-javascript-calling-library-release-notes.md#191-beta1-2022-11-10)
##### Features
- **Volume indicator** API for local and remote audio streams.
- **Video media access** API.
- The **Pre-Call diagnostic** API.
- Additional environment support with Firefox and Edge.
- Detection of multiple tabs with the SDK loaded.
- Support sending video and screen share simultaneously on desktop.
- Internal instrumentation changes.
- **EUDB** compliance - starting from this version, all data is processed and stored according to new EU regulations.

### Android 
#### [v2.5.0-beta.1 (2022-11-02)](https://github.com/Azure/Communication/blob/master/releasenotes/acs-calling-android-sdk-release-notes.md#v250-beta1-2022-11-02)
##### Features
 - Added support for audio start/stop.
 - Added new API for `muteSpeaker` and property `isSpeakerMuted`.
 - Add support for `RecordingsUpdated` event which will be triggered when a recording is started or stopped, `Recordings` property to list all current recordings and `RecordingState` indicates the state of a recording. 

#### [v2.2.0 (2022-11-01)](https://github.com/Azure/Communication/blob/master/releasenotes/acs-calling-android-sdk-release-notes.md#v220-2022-11-01)
##### Bug fixes
- Bugfix on Remote Video Start on Android API 21-25
- Fix calling `call.hangup()` with `HangUpOptions` for everybody.
- Fix bug that allowed create several CallAgents for same identity

## Call Automation
Set of APIs that enable developers to build custom calling workflows abstracting the complexity of telephony and web-based calling systems. Call Automation enables server applications to orchestrate calls using pre-call and mid-call actions. 

### .NET
#### [1.0.0-beta.1 (2022-11-07)](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/release/beta1/sdk/communication/Azure.Communication.CallAutomation/CHANGELOG.md#100-beta1-2022-11-07)

### Java
#### [1.0.0-beta.1 (2022-11-07)](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/release/beta1/sdk/communication/azure-communication-callautomation/CHANGELOG.md#100-beta1-2022-11-07)

##### Features
- Answer, redirect (forward) or reject an incoming one-to-one or group call. 
- Place an outbound call to one or more endpoints. 
- Add or remove one or more endpoints to/from an existing call. 
- Blind transfer a 1:1 call to another endpoint. 
- Hang up or terminate a call. 
- Playing audio during calls using audio files 
- Recognize user input through DTMF 
- Call recording: This release adds additional features to support unmixed audio.  
   - Unmixed audio recording enables developers to start/stop/pause/resume recordings and produce unmixed audio streaming for post-call analysis. 
      - Up to 5 channels in a single WAV file 
      - Developers can specify a user to a specific channel with `ChannelParticpantOrdering` 

##### Breaking changes
Some fields were renamed, added, or removed: 
- The new API enables developers to program both outbound and inbound calls.  
- The concept of in-call & out-call has been removed. All operations are taken by your application by being part of the call. Application becomes a call participant when it answers an incoming call or places an outbound call. 
- Removed `CallConnectionStateChanged` in favor of individual `CallConnected` and `CallDisconnected` events. 
- Removed per-action callback URI for API calls such as AddParticipant. 
- Removed `GroupCallId` concept in favor of simplified `callConnectionId` property. 
- Added support for new calls to “sim-ring” multiple endpoints by specifying a list of targets using one API call. 
- Added support to add more than one participant to a call by specifying a list of targets using one API call. 
- `ChannelAffinity` was replaced by `ChannelParticpantOrdering` for call recording. 

## Chat
**The Chat team** is excited to announce the public preview release of bot integration that allows clients to use bots and connect with Azure Communications Services Chat Channel. 

ACS Chat introduces bot integration that allows clients to use bots and connect with other chat channels in addition to Azure Communications Chat channel. Learn more about bot integration [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-service-manage-channels?view=azure-bot-service-4.0). Get started including bots in chat by following the [quick start guides](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/communication-services/quickstarts/chat/quickstart-botframework-integration). 

### Features 

- *Add*, *Get*, *Update* and *Delete* ACS Chat channel for the bot, 
- Bot recognizes the following activities from users within a chat thread: 
  * Text only activity 
  * Text with card attachment (Adaptive Cards) and/or card submit action value 
  * Event activity 
  * Message update/delete 
  * Topic update 
  * Participant added/removed 
  * Typing notification 

- Bot responds with the following message types to the chat thread: 
  * Simple text response 
  * Adaptive Cards with optional suggested actions 
### 

## Common

### JS
#### [2.2.0 (2022-11-03)](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/communication/communication-common/CHANGELOG.md#220-2022-11-03)
##### Features
- Optimized the logic for deserializing types derived from the `CommunicationIdentifier`.

##### Bugs Fixed
- Fixed the logic of `getIdentifierRawId` and `createIdentifierFromRawId` for `PhoneNumberIdentifier` to always maintain the original phone number string whether it included the leading `+` sign or not.
