# Release notes for August 22nd to September 5th

## Table of contents

* [Calling](#calling)
* [Common](#common)
* [Identity](#identity)
* [UI Library](#ui-library)

## Calling

### JS

#### [1.7.2-beta.1 (2022-08-26)](https://github.com/Azure/Communication/blob/master/releasenotes/acs-javascript-calling-library-release-notes.md#172-beta1-2022-08-26)
Bugfixes:
- Includes fixes for `StartCall`, and **emergency call**.

## Common

### .NET
#### [1.2.0 (2022-09-01)](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/communication/Azure.Communication.Common/CHANGELOG.md#120-2022-09-01)

Features:
- Added `string RawID { get; }` and `static CommunicationIdentifier FromRawId(string rawId)` to `CommunicationIdentifier` to translate between a `CommunicationIdentifier` and its underlying canonical rawId representation. Developers can now use the `rawId` as an encoded format for identifiers to store in their databases or as stable keys in general.
- Always include `rawId` when serializing identifiers to wire format.

## Identity

### Python
#### [1.2.0 (2022-08-24)](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/blob/main/sdk/communication/azure-communication-identity/CHANGELOG.md#120-2022-08-24)

Features:
- Exported types `MicrosoftTeamsUserIdentifier`, `PhoneNumberIdentifier`, `UnknownIdentifier` for non Azure Communication Services `CommunicationIdentifier` identities. Exported related types: `MicrosoftTeamsUserProperties` and `PhoneNumberProperties`.
- Added `identifier_from_raw_id` and ensured that `CommunicationIdentifier.raw_id` is populated on creation. Together, these can be used to translate between a `CommunicationIdentifier` and its underlying canonical raw ID representation. Developers can now use the raw ID as an encoded format for identifiers to store in their databases or as stable keys in general.

## UI Library

### Xamarin & React Native Samples
We are pleased to share an exciting release to bring solutions to help the developers to build Cross Platform solutions using the UI Library. The UI Library team created a couple of guides integrating the UI Library with Xamarin and React Native. Both guidelights have the capabilities to exploit the Calling composite capabilities and enjoy the same experience, such as the Native UI Library.

[Cross Platform Samples](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/communication-services/samples/ui-library-cross-platform?pivots=platform-xamarin)

### Hero Samples
The Calling samples now use the UI Library to share the best practices and a UI experience to all developers that want to take advantage of native mobile applications.

[Calling Hero Samples](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/communication-services/samples/calling-hero-sample?pivots=platform-ios)
