# Release notes for March 22nd - April 4th

## Table of contents
* [Chat](#chat)
* [Identity](#identity)
* [Mobile UI Library](#mobile-ui-library)
* [Network Traversal](#network-traversal)
* [Phone Numbers](#phone-numbers)

## Chat

### JS

#### [1.2.0 (2022-04-05)](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/communication/communication-chat/CHANGELOG.md#120-2022-04-05)
##### Features Added
- Updated to `@azure/communication-signaling@1.0.0-beta.13`.
- Updated to `@azure/communication-common@2.0.0`.

## Identity

### JS
#### [1.1.0-beta.2 (2022-04-05)](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/communication/communication-identity/CHANGELOG.md#110-beta2-2022-04-05)
##### Features Added
- Migrated from using `@azure/core-http` to `@azure/core-rest-pipeline` for the handling of HTTP requests. See [Azure Core v1 vs v2](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/core/core-rest-pipeline/documentation/core2.md) for more on the difference and benefits of the move.


## Mobile UI Library

### Android
#### [1.0.0-beta.2 (2022-04-04)](https://github.com/Azure/communication-ui-library-android/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#release-history) 
##### New Features
- Status bar color change for light and dark mode.
- API 21, 22 support.
- Screen share pinch zoom support.
- Localization support for 13 languages and right-to-left mirror layout.
- Update joining experience to show call join processing indicator in setup view.
- Bluetooth headphones support.

### iOS
#### [1.0.0-beta.2 (2022-04-04)](https://github.com/Azure/communication-ui-library-ios/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#release-history)
##### New Features
- Update joining experience in setup view.
- Support pinch & zoom, pan and double tap to zoom in screen share presentation.
- Update audio device selection list when connected to bluetooth/headphones.
- Implemented Localization support for 13 languages and right-to-left mirror layout.

## Network Traversal

### Python
#### [1.1.0b1 (2022-03-23)](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/blob/main/sdk/communication/azure-communication-networktraversal/CHANGELOG.md#110b1-2022-03-23)
##### Features Added
- Adding optional parameter to GetRelayConfiguration to choose credential Time-To-Live in seconds of max 48 hours.
  The default value will be used if given value exceeds it.

##### Breaking Changes
- Making User, RouteType and Ttl part of the options parameter
- `getRelayConfiguration` can be called without parameters or passing the `GetRelayConfigurationOptions` parameter

## Phone Numbers

### .Net
#### [1.1.0-beta.2 (2022-03-30)](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/communication/Azure.Communication.PhoneNumbers/CHANGELOG.md#110-beta2-2022-03-30)
##### Features Added
- Added environment variable `AZURE_USERAGENT_OVERRIDE`, that overrides the HTTP header `x-ms-useragent` on the tests
- 'Deprecates' (read discourage) the use of `PhoneNumbersModelFactory.PhoneNumberCost`(double amount, string currencyCode, string `billingFrequency`)
