# Release notes for June 4rd - June 5th

## Table of contents

* [Common](#common)

## Common

### .NET

### [1.4.0 (2025-06-04)](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/communication/Azure.Communication.Common/CHANGELOG.md#140-2025-06-04)

No functional changes since last beta release

#### Features Added (since last stable version)

- Introduced support for `Azure.Core.TokenCredential` with `EntraCommunicationTokenCredentialOptions`, allowing an Entra user with a Teams license to use Teams Phone Extensibility features through the Azure Communication Services resource.
- Added support for a new communication identifier `TeamsExtensionUserIdentifier`.
    - New identifier maps rawIds with format `8:acs:{resourceId}_{tenantId}_{userId}`.
    - With this version, rawId starting with `8:acs` may be either `CommunicationUserIdentifier` or new `TeamsExtensionUserIdentifier`.
- Added `IsAnonymous` and `AssertedId` properties to the communication identifier `PhoneNumberIdentifier`.
    - `IsAnonymous` is used for anonymous numbers with rawId equals to `4:anonymous`.
    - `AssertedId` is used when the same number is used several times in the same call. It contains value after the last underscore (_) character in the phone number. It is null otherwise.


### JS

### [2.4.0 (2025-06-05)](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/communication/communication-common/CHANGELOG.md#240-2025-06-05)

No functional changes since last beta release

#### Features Added (since last stable version)

Introduced support for `TokenCredential` with `EntraCommunicationTokenCredentialOptions`, allowing an Entra user with a Teams license to use Teams Phone Extensibility features through the Azure Communication Services resource.

- Added support for a new communication identifier `TeamsExtensionUserIdentifier`.
    - Added a type `TeamsExtensionUserKind` with rawId in the format `8:acs:{resourceId}_{tenantId}_{userId}`.
    - Added a method `isTeamsExtensionUserIdentifier` to check if the identifier is `TeamsExtensionUserIdentifier`.
    - Mandatory fields of `TeamsExtensionUserIdentifier` are `userId`, `tenantId` and `resourceId`.
    - With this version, rawId starting with `8:acs` may be either `CommunicationUserIdentifier` or new `TeamsExtensionUserIdentifier`.
- Added optional fields `isAnonymous` and `assertedId` to the communication identifier `PhoneNumberIdentifier`.
    - `isAnonymous` is used for anonymous numbers with rawId equals to `4:anonymous`.
    - `assertedId` is used when the same number is used several times in the same call. It contains value after the last underscore (_) character in the phone number. It is undefined otherwise.
